[#6087,#7726,#7765,#8102,#8330,#8331,#8332,#8423,#8462,#8463] Migrate to system CMake, nlohmann-json, catch2, fmt, and spdlog (main) (#8366)
irods/irods: unit_tests/CMakeLists.txt

Reviewer: GitHub is reporting that something has changed in this file since I last reviewed it. What's changed?

Author: The docstring for `IRODS_UNIT_TESTS_REPORT_DIR`

set(IRODS_UNIT_TESTS_BUILD NO CACHE BOOL "${_IRODS_UNIT_TESTS_BUILD_DOCSTR}")
set(IRODS_UNIT_TESTS_REPORTING_STYLE "junit" CACHE STRING "The style of output used for unit test reporting [console, compact, junit, xml]")

> set(IRODS_UNIT_TESTS_REPORT_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/reports" CACHE STRING "The filename prefix of the unit test report")

Reviewer 2: ?

```suggestion
set(IRODS_UNIT_TESTS_REPORT_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/reports" CACHE STRING "The directory of the unit test report")
```
